com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/BroadCasts/OnRebootReciever.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.BroadCasts.OnRebootReciever
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/tracking/MultiBoxTracker.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.tracking.MultiBoxTracker
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.tracking.MultiBoxTracker$TrackedRecognition
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/DbHandler.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.DbHandler
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/tflite/Classifier.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.tflite.Classifier
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.tflite.Classifier$Recognition
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/customview/OverlayView.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.customview.OverlayView
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.customview.OverlayView$DrawCallback
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Helper/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Helper.GraphicOverlay
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Helper.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Helper/RectOverlay.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Helper.RectOverlay
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/env/Logger.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.env.Logger
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Models/TimeModel.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Models.TimeModel
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Models/AlarmModel.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Models.AlarmModel
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/BroadCasts/AlarmReciever.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.BroadCasts.AlarmReciever
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/env/BorderedText.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.env.BorderedText
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/customview/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.customview.AutoFitTextureView
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/tflite/TFLiteObjectDetectionAPIModel.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.tflite.TFLiteObjectDetectionAPIModel
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/env/ImageUtils.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.env.ImageUtils
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/BuildConfig.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.BuildConfig
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/env/Size.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.env.Size
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/CameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$2
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$3
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$4
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$5
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$CompareSizesByArea
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$ConnectionCallback
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.CameraConnectionFragment$ErrorDialog$1
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.MainActivity
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.MainActivity$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.MainActivity$2
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/SettingsActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SettingsActivity
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/service/AlarmService.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.service.AlarmService
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.service.AlarmService$1
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Views/AnalogClockView.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Views.AnalogClockView
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/LegacyCameraConnectionFragment.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.LegacyCameraConnectionFragment$1
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/SetAlarmActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SetAlarmActivity
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SetAlarmActivity$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SetAlarmActivity$2
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/ShowAlarmActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.ShowAlarmActivity
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Adapters/AlarmAdapter.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$2
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$3
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$3$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$4
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$4$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$5
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Adapters.AlarmAdapter$viewHolder
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/InfoActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.InfoActivity
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/SetMapoutActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SetMapoutActivity
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SetMapoutActivity$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.SetMapoutActivity$2
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/DetectorActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$2
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$3
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$3$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$4
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$5
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.DetectorActivity$DetectorMode
com/underdogdeveloper/earlybird/Activities/FaceDetectionActivity.java
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$1
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$2
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$3
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$4
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$5
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$6
 com.underdogdeveloper.earlybird.Activities.FaceDetectionActivity$7
